this is strictly an 6e your exclusive
recap on this weekend's show and what a
show it was there were highs Oh
finger-licking good there was somewhere
in the middle there a serious incident
that went on thrilled and was rather big
spill as the final ten remaining couples
battle this out for a place at next
week's Wembley showdown the top half of
the leaderboard saw little change with
Denise and James taking the lead with a
dazzling 36 points whilst at the bottom
of the table Michael and Natalie failed
to not the judges for six I could see
the mechanics of every single move that
that gave me once your votes were in the
two celebs to face the dreaded dance-off
roof burning Kimberly try as she might
say Klingons her place in the strictly
camp it was a Briton sweet end as fern
was unanimously voted off join us next
week when all the action will be coming
from Wembley Arena